add sign in page display explanation (#72869)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/conditional-access.md

6. Fabrikam must have sufficient premium Azure AD licenses that support Azure AD Multi-Factor Authentication. The user from Contoso then consumes this license from Fabrikam. See [billing model for Azure AD external identities](./external-identities-pricing.md) for information on the B2B licensing.

>[!NOTE]

> >Azure AD Multi-Factor Authentication is done at resource tenancy to ensure predictability. This can be seen when logging into the resource tenant the background sign in page from the resource tenatn will desplayed. The company logo of the users home tenant will be displayed above the users accound name in the login prompt as seen here.![Sign in page example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39276631/112702895-40c44880-8e52-11eb-83ed-141c95ee04f8.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Azure AD Multi-Factor Authentication is done at resource tenancy to ensure predictability. When the guest user signs in, they'll see the resource tenant sign-in page displayed in the background, and their own home tenant sign-in page and company logo in the foreground, as shown in the following example.
>
>![Sign-in page example](./media/conditional-access-b2b/resource-tenant-mfa.png)
```

Author: @msmimart this looks great! thank you for helping out!
